That's a good point.
The clouds are back
I'm back, where's Xinxin?
I helped Aunt Wang with the discharge procedures
Sent her back with Xinxin
Back
Hey, why did mom and grandpa stand up?
It's such a strange will to pass on men and not women.
I find it strange too.
Available in black and white
Another lawyer testifies
I really can't help it.
Then can I see grandpa's will?
Good master, I'll get it for you.
This character doesn't look like it was written by my grandfather, Mom.
Grandpa's will
Lose money and save it for me.
Look at the pen and ink of this old man
It's always been in your hand, take it
You say
Is the information heartbreaking?
Will never recognize me as a mother
Madam is a filial child
We say we don't understand.
But someone can
You mean?
Fog Magnolia
Ah hello hey wait
There's not much to say.
I have something to say
Don't you want to hear about the future of the stars?
Ms. Wu
I came today.
To repent for the wrong I did
Confidence He is my daughter
On his arm
Is there a star scar?
That's what I left behind
For our future
Love forever